hey guys t-mac here with a update on my
new / like I said I put the parts in it
the aftermarket parts and some upgrades
well I'm not really upgrades so let's go
ahead and move catch it's a lot bigger
body than on the Russell that's for sure
alright so I went ahead and put the put
the fan on the on the esc put the red
sox sox on it is coo for their there all
by the way these are i put the the big
bore shocks on it which actually i
showed you guys on the unboxing video
that i had the shot guards from RPM if
you have the big bore shocks they will
not fit those shot guards will not fit
from our p.m. on there the other cup
that the spring sits on the springs on
the big boars are a little bit smaller
than the cup that's that that's that's
on the shot guard from our p.m. so be
advised that if you guys are planning to
upgrade to the big bore shocks with the
with the guards it will not fit so just
keep that in mind the original original
stock shocks they will fit on that all
right I may actually post a video on
that but yeah so you know definitely a
difference so the RPM rear bumper with
the RPM mud flaps
which you can see right there they are
it's like a soft material all right um
the only thing I like these a lot feed
they're really nice the only thing I
wish that they came out a little bit
further a little bit further so you know
it would cover most the wheel I guess if
you really wanted to you could you know
you could probably get some plastic
spacers because this is how they bolt on
all right there you go t just they bolt
on to the to like the frame of the of
the bumper there's just one screw there
and then one screw right there that's it
so you could probably get some spacers
and get some longer screws and it'll
come out further but it's not bad it's
cool i like it so so yeah that's I think
that's everything I did to it for now
like I said pretty soon it'll be the RPM
hey arms front rears keeping that black
most likely the the center diff there to
distribute even power throughout the
wheels and I'll definitely buy the the
front front bumper from RPM definitely
need that so yeah but like I said I'm
I'm really really happy with it I was
going to try it out today but the my
batteries I have the energizer
rechargeable batteries which you know I
suppose there are obviously good
batteries but I go to plug them in and
my my radio doesn't work so I wanted to
go charge it and on my charger says that
they're all garbage so i guess i gotta
throw them away and i get some new
batteries so yeah so that's it
yeah I definitely I definitely notice at
the Lexington I'm on the / bodies I
think are definitely a lot thinner than
the Rustler bodies but yeah so there she
is very happy with it alright so that's
it guys so until then I will talk to you
guys soon take it easy